feat(config): User configuration examples (#84)
apache/camel-k-examples: generic-examples/kamelets/README.md

- [timer-source-log-sink](./timer-source-log-sink/): 
    - create and use a timer source kamelet
    - bind a source kamelet to a Knative destination using KamletBinding

>     - create a log sink kamlet and bind it to the Knative destination using KamletBinding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - create a log sink kamelet and bind it to the Knative destination using KameletBinding/Pipe
```
